Speedroid Kite (temp)

Speedroid Box (temp)
Code: 
Type: Machine/WIND/Effect
Level: 4
ATK: 1200
DEF: 0
If this card on the field is destroyed by battle or by an opponent's card effect, or if this card is used as a Synchro Material: You can Special Summon 1 "Speedroid" monster from your Deck. You can only use this effect of "" once per turn.

Speedroid Snake-Eyed Dice

Hyper-Speedroid Trick Dice
Code: 
Type: Machine/WIND/Synchro/Tuner/Effect
Level: 3
ATK: 300
DEF: 600
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters
If this card is Special Summoned: You can target 1 "Speedroid" monster in your Graveyard, then activate 1 of these effects;
● Increase this card's Level by the Level of the targeted monster.
● Reduce this card's Level by the Level of the targeted monster. If the resulting Level would be lower than 1, it becomes 1 instead.
If this card was not Synchro Summoned, banish the targeted monster after this effect resolves. During your opponent's Main Phase, you can: Immediately after this effect resolves, Synchro Summon using this card you control (this is a Quick Effect). You can only Special Summon "Hyper-Speedroid Trick Dice"(s) once per turn.

Stardust Luminous Dragon
Code: 
Type: Dragon/WIND/Synchro/Effect
Level: 8
ATK: 2500
DEF: 2000
1 Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters
This card's name becomes "Stardust Dragon" while it is on the field or in the Graveyard. During either player's turn, when a card or effect is activated that would destroy a card(s) on the field, or that would remove exactly 1 card from the field: You can Tribute this card; negate the activation, and if you do, banish it. During the End Phase, if this effect was activated this turn (and was not negated): You can Special Summon this card from your Graveyard.

Radiant Lightspeed Dragon
Code:
Type: Dragon/WIND/Synchro/Pendulum/Effect
Level: 11
Scale: 4
ATK: 3600
DEF: 3200
[ Pendulum Effect ]
The Synchro Summon of your WIND Synchro Monsters cannot be negated. Once per turn, WIND Synchro monsters you control cannot be destroyed by card effects. Once per turn, if you have no cards in your other Pendulum Zone: You can place 1 Pendulum Monster from your Deck in your Pendulum Zone.
----------------------------------------
[ Monster Effect ]
1 Synchro Tuner + 1 or more WIND Synchro monsters
Must first be Synchro Summoned. If you can Pendulum Summon Level 7, you can Pendulum Summon this face-up card from your Extra Deck, but it loses 400 ATK and DEF. While face-up on the field, this card is also LIGHT-Attribute. (to be added) If this card in the Monster Zone is destroyed by battle or card effect: You can destroy as many cards in your Pendulum Zones as possible (min. 1), and if you do, place this card in your Pendulum Zone.
