Base code: 216666XXX

Phantom Knights' Torn Banner
Code: 216666000
Type: Trap/Normal
Target 1 of your banished "Phantom Knights" cards, except "Phantom Knights' Torn Banner": shuffle it into the Deck. You can banish this card from your Graveyard: immediately after this effect resolves, Xyz Summon a DARK Xyz Monster from your Graveyard, using only "The Phantom Knights" monsters you control as Xyz Materials. If the monster Xyz Summoned by this card would leave the field, return it to the Extra Deck instead. You can only use each effect of "Phantom Knights' Torn Banner" once per turn.

The Phantom Knights of Fragmented Ring
Code: 216666002
Type: Warrior/DARK/Pendulum/Union
Level: 3
Scale: 5
ATK: 300
DEF: 500
[ Pendulum Effect ]
All "The Phantom Knights" monsters you control gain 300 ATK. Once per turn, if you control a "The Phantom Knights" card in your other Pendulum Zone and you control no monsters, you can target that other "The Phantom Knights" card and this card: This turn, you can Pendulum Summon "The Phantom Knights" monsters using those targets' Scales, but only from the Graveyard.
----------------------------------------
[ Monster Effect ]
Once per turn, you can either: Target 1 "The Phantom Knights" you control; equip this card to that target, OR: Unequip this card and Special Summon it in Attack Position. While equipped by this effect, the equipped monster gains 600 ATK, and can attack twice each Battle Phase. (A monster can only be equipped with 1 Union monster at a time. If the equipped monster would be destroyed, destroy this card instead.) You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 DARK monster you control: it gains 600 ATK until the end of the turn (this is a Quick effect). You can only use this effect of "The Phantom Knights of Fragmented Ring" once per turn.

The Phantom Knights of Battered Bracelet
Code: 216666003
Type: Warrior/DARK/Pendulum/Union
Level: 4
Scale: 2
ATK: 0
DEF: 1500
[ Pendulum Effect ]
All "The Phantom Knights" monsters you control gain 300 DEF. If you control a "The Phantom Knights" card in your other Pendulum Zone: You can pay 500 LP, then target 1 of your banished "The Phantom Knights" monsters, except "The Phantom Knights of Battered Bracelet"; return it to the Graveyard, but you can't Special Summon or activate the effect of that card, or cards with the same name, for the rest of the turn. You can only use this effect of "The Phantom Knights of Battered Bracelet" once per turn.
----------------------------------------
[ Monster Effect ]
Once per turn, you can either: Target 1 "The Phantom Knights" you control; equip this card to that target, OR: Unequip this card and Special Summon it in Attack Position. While equipped by this effect, the equipped monster gains 600 DEF, and if it destroys an opponent's monster by battle, you gain LP equal to half that monster's original ATK. (A monster can only be equipped with 1 Union monster at a time. If the equipped monster would be destroyed, destroy this card instead.) You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 DARK monster you control: it gains 600 DEF until the end of the turn (this is a Quick effect). You can only use this effect of "The Phantom Knights of Battered Bracelet" once per turn.

The Phantom Knights of Ruptured Pouch
Code: 216666005
Type: Warrior/DARK/Effect
Level: 3
ATK: 200
DEF: 500
If this card is Normal Summoned or Special Summoned from your Graveyard: You can Special Summon 1 "The Phantom Knights" monster from your hand in face-up Defense Position, except "The Phantom Knights of Ruptured Pouch". You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 DARK Xyz Monster you control with no Xyz Materials and 2 of your banished "Phantom Knights" cards with different names, except "The Phantom Knights of Ruptured Pouch"; Attach the latter 2 targets to the first target as Xyz Materials. You can only use each effect of "The Phantom Knights of Ruptured Pouch" once per turn.

The Phantom Knights of Hidden Hood
Code: 216666007
Type: Warrior/DARK/Effect
Level: 3
ATK: 1000
DEF: 500
If this card is in Attack Position: You can target 1 face-up monster on your opponent's side of the field; change this card to Defense Position, and if you do, that monsters loses 500 ATK and DEF until the end of your opponent's turn, and if it does, inflict 500 damage to your opponent. You can banish this card from your Graveyard and 1 "Phantom Knights" card from your hand, then target 1 card on the field; destroy it. You can only use each effect of "The Phantom Knights of Hidden Hood" once per turn.

The Phantom Knights of Shredded Hauberk
Code: 216666009
Type: Warrior/DARK/Effect
Level: 4
ATK: 100
DEF: 1100
If you control no Xyz monsters, and the only monsters you control are "The Phantom Knights" monsters, you can activate this effect: Immediately after this effect resolves, Xyz Summon 1 DARK Xyz Monster from your Extra Deck, using only this card treated as 2 Xyz Materials and other "The Phantom Knights" you control as Xyz Materials. You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 face-up monster on the field; Gain LP equal to half its ATK or DEF (whichever is higher). You can only use each effect of "The Phantom Knights of Shredded Hauberk" once per turn.

Vicious Rebellion CXyz Dragon
Code: 216666035
Type: Dragon/DARK/Xyz/Effect
Rank: 5
ATK: 2800
DEF: 2500
3 DARK Level 5 monsters
If this Xyz Summoned card is destroyed: You can target up to 3 of your banished cards; Shuffle them into the Deck. Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; reduce its ATK to 0, and if you do, this card gains ATK equal to that lost ATK. If this card has "Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon" as an Xyz Material, you can activate this effect instead:
 ● Detach 2 Xyz Materials from this card; halve the ATK and DEF of all other face-up Special Summoned monsters on the field, and if you do, this card gains ATK equal to half the lost amount until the end of the turn.
 
The Phantom Knights of Bent Buckler
Code: 216666037
Type: Warrior/DARK/Xyz/Effect
Rank: 3
ATK: 1000
DEF: 2400
2 Level 3 monsters
Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card; Send 1 "Phantom Knights" card from your Deck to your Graveyard. If this Xyz Summoned card is destroyed: You can target 2 "The Phantom Knights" monsters with the same Level in your Graveyard; Special Summon them and increase their Levels by 1, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except DARK monsters.

The Phantom Knights of Rusty Glaive
Code: 216666038
Type: Warrior/DARK/Xyz/Effect
Rank: 3
ATK: 1800
DEF: 1600
2 Level 3 monsters
Once per turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then target 1 card in your opponent's Graveyard; banish it face-down, then banish the top card of your Deck. If this Xyz Summoned card is destroyed: You can target 2 "The Phantom Knights" monsters with the same Level in your Graveyard; Special Summon them and increase their Levels by 1, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except DARK monsters.

The Phantom Knights of Stained Cleaver
Code: 216666039
Type: Warrior/DARK/Xyz/Effect
Rank: 4
ATK: 2600
DEF: 2000
3 DARK Level 4 monsters
You can also Xyz Summon this card by detaching 1 Xyz Material from a "The Phantom Knights of Break Sword" you control, then using it as the Xyz Material. (Xyz Materials attached to that monster also become Xyz Materials on this card.) This card can make up to 2 attacks on monsters during each Battle Phase. Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then activate 1 of these effects:
● Target 1 card on each side of the field; destroy them.
● Target 1 "The Phantom Knights" monster you control, except "The Phantom Knights of Stained Cleaver"; if that target battles an opponent's monster this turn, you can banish both monsters after damage calculation. You cannot activate this effect during the turn this card was Special Summoned by its own procedure.
If this Xyz Summoned card is destroyed: You can target 3 "The Phantom Knights" monsters with the same Level in your Graveyard; Special Summon them and increase their Levels by 2, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except DARK monsters.

The Phantom Knights of Weary Aegis
Code: 216666040
Type: Warrior/DARK/Xyz/Effect
Rank: 4
ATK: 1200
DEF: 2900
3 DARK Level 4 monsters
You can also Xyz Summon this card by detaching 1 Xyz Material from a "The Phantom Knights of Bent Buckler" you control, then using it as the Xyz Material. (Xyz Materials attached to that monster also become Xyz Materials on this card.) This card can attack while in face-up Defense Position. If it does, apply its DEF for damage calculation. Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then activate 1 of these effects:
 ● Send 1 "Phantom Knights" card from your Deck to the Graveyard.
 ● Target 1 "The Phantom Knights" monster you control: once this turn, it cannot be destroyed by battle or card effect. You cannot activate this effect during the turn this card was Special Summoned by its own procedure.
If this Xyz Summoned card is destroyed: You can target 3 "The Phantom Knights" monsters with the same Level in your Graveyard; Special Summon them and increase their Levels by 2, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except DARK monsters.

The Phantom Knights of Blunt Lance
Code: 216666041
Type: Warrior/DARK/Xyz/Effect
Rank: 4
ATK: 2200
DEF: 2000
3 DARK Level 4 monsters
You can also Xyz Summon this card by detaching 1 Xyz Material from a "The Phantom Knights of Rusty Glaive" you control, then using it as the Xyz Material. (Xyz Materials attached to that monster also become Xyz Materials on this card.) If this card attacks a Defense position monster, inflict piercing battle damage to that monster's controller. Once per turn, during either player's turn: You can detach 1 Xyz Material from this card, then activate 1 of these effects:
 ● Target 1 card in your opponent's Graveyard; banish it face-down, then banish the top card of your Deck.
 ● Target 1 "The Phantom Knights" monster you control: this turn, it can attack your opponent directly, but if it does, all battle damage it inflicts is halved. You cannot activate this effect during the turn this card was Special Summoned by its own procedure.
If this Xyz Summoned card is destroyed: You can target 3 "The Phantom Knights" monsters with the same Level in your Graveyard; Special Summon them and increase their Levels by 2, also you cannot Special Summon monsters for the rest of this turn, except DARK monsters.

Fallen King of the Phantom Knights
Code: 216666042
Type: Warrior/DARK/Xyz/Effect
Rank: 6
ATK: ?
DEF: 0
2 or more "The Phantom Knights" Xyz monsters with the same Rank
When this card is Xyz Summoned: Its original ATK becomes equal to the total Rank of all "The Phantom Knights" monsters used as Xyz Materials for its summon x300 (this effect cannot be negated). Once per turn: You can activate 1 of the following effects: 
 ● Pay 600 LP, then select 1 Xyz Material attached to this card whose original attribute was DARK; until the end of this turn, this card gains that monster's effect. At the end of the turn, if the selected material is still attached to this card, detach it.
 ● Detach all Xyz Materials from this card, then target 1 DARK Xyz Monster in either player's Graveyard; Attach it to this card as an Xyz Material.

Rank-Up-Magic Phantom Force
Code: 216666055
Type: Spell/Normal
(This card is always treated as a "Phantom Knights" card.)
Target 1 DARK Xyz Monster you control; Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 DARK Xyz Monster that is 1 Rank higher than that monster you control, by using it as the Xyz Material. (This Special Summon is treated as an Xyz Summon. Xyz Materials attached to that target also become Xyz Materials on the Summoned monster.) During either player's turn, if you control no monsters: you can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 DARK Xyz Monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it, then Special Summon from your Extra Deck, 1 DARK Xyz monster that is 1 Rank higher than that monster, by using it as the Xyz Material. (This Special Summon is treated as an Xyz Summon.) You can only use one effect of "Rank-Up-Magic Phantom Force" per turn, and only once per turn.

Phantom Knights' Hallowed Grounds
Code: 216666056
Type: Spell/Field
All DARK monsters you control gain 300 ATK and DEF. You can activate 1 of these effects, depending on the number of "Phantom Knights" cards with different names in you Graveyard and Banished Zone: 
● 3+: Send 1 "Phantom Knights" card from your Deck to your Graveyard. 
● 5+: Add 1 "The Phantom Knights" card from your Graveyard or face-up in your Extra Deck to your hand. 
● 7+: Target 1 DARK Xyz Monster you control: Attach 1 of your banished "Phantom Knights" cards to that target as an Xyz Material. 
● 9+: Target 1 of your banished "Phantom Knights" cards: return it to the Graveyard.
You can only use 1 effect of "Phantom Knights' Hallowed Grounds" per turn, and only once per turn.

Phantom Knights' Chariot
Code: 216666057
Type: Spell/Continuous
???

Phantom Knights' Flag
Code: 216666058
Type: Spell/Continuous
Each "Phantom Knights" monster you control cannot be destroyed by card effects once per turn. During your opponent's turn: You can banish this card from your Graveyard: For the rest of this turn, all damage you take becomes 0.

Xyz Rider
Code: 216666059
Type: Spell/Normal
Target 1 Dragon-type or Winged Beast-type Xyz monster you control and 1 Warrior-type Xyz Monster you control: the second target cannot attack this turn, and the first target gains ATK equal to the second target's ATK until the end of the turn, but all damage it inflicts to your opponent is halved. You can only activate 1 "Xyz Rider" per turn.

Phantom Knights' Shield
Code: 216666075
Type: Trap/Continuous
Activate this card by targeting 1 face-up DARK monster on the field. It gains 800 DEF, also it cannot be targeted by your opponent's monsters effects. When that monster leaves the field, destroy this card. You can banish this card from your Graveyard, then target 1 "The Phantom Knights" monster in your Graveyard; Special Summon it, but banish it when it leaves the field. You can only use this effect of "Phantom Knights' Shield" once per turn.
